Update github docs (#868)
encoredev/encore: docs/deploy/deploying.md

```

In both scenarios, this will trigger Encore's built-in CI/CD pipeline. This includes building your application, running tests, provisioning the necessary infrastructure, and deploying your application.

> ### Configure deploy trigger

Author: ```suggestion

### Configure deploy trigger
```

```

In both scenarios, this will trigger Encore's built-in CI/CD pipeline. This includes building your application, running tests, provisioning the necessary infrastructure, and deploying your application.

### Configure deploy trigger

When using GitHub, you can configure Encore to automatically trigger deploys when you push to a specific branch name.

> By default, Encore uses `master` as the branch name. To change this, go to the **Overview** page for your intended environment and click on **Settings**. On the settings page, change the **Branch name** and hit save.

Author: ```suggestion
To configure which branch name is used to trigger deploys, open your app in the [Cloud Dashboard](https://app.encore.dev) and go to the **Overview** page for your intended environment. Click on **Settings** and then in the section **Branch Push** configure the `Branch name`  and hit save.
```

> To configure which branch name is used to trigger deploys, open your app in the [Cloud Dashboard](https://app.encore.dev) and go to the **Overview** page for your intended environment. Click on **Settings** and then in the section **Branch Push** configure the `Branch name`  and hit save.
> ### Preview Environments

Author: ```suggestion
To configure which branch name is used to trigger deploys, open your app in the [Cloud Dashboard](https://app.encore.dev) and go to the **Overview** page for your intended environment. Click on **Settings** and then in the section **Branch Push** configure the `Branch name`  and hit save.

### Preview Environments
```

```

In both scenarios, this will trigger Encore's built-in CI/CD pipeline. This includes building your application, running tests, provisioning the necessary infrastructure, and deploying your application.

> 
> <Callout type="info">
> 
> When using GitHub, remember to configure your environment to trigger deploys from the correct branch name. By default, Encore uses `master` as the branch name.
> 
> </Callout>
> 

Author: ```suggestion
### Configure deploy trigger

When using GitHub, you can configure Encore to automatically trigger deploys when you push to a specific branch name.

By default, Encore uses `master` as the branch name. To change this, go to the **Overview** page for your intended environment and click on **Settings**. On the settings page, change the **Branch name** and hit save.
```
